# Failure. 

Something that makes us what we do. Something that also makes us what we aren't.

Yesterday, I wrote a small blog post on why I like programming. I looked at it and thought, "is this really me? and is this really a 'good enough' effort for a blog post?"

Well, no. It wasn't.

The truth is, I just wanted to write something. It ended up being more humblebragging than actual talking. 

So I deleted it. I learned I actually do have standards in my own writing. 

But that got me thinking today about failure, and what it means to me.

Failure is a great thing. I wish I learned that earlier. I really used to be so afraid to take a chance out of fear of failure. I used to overthink every step I took. And that was obviously one of the worst things for my personal development.

It'd push me back when trying my luck in the dating pool, it'd hurt me in school and cause procrastination, and so many things I can't list here.

The issue is, I was too scared to shoot my shot out of fear that my shot wouldn't hit net and I'd be laughed at.

But the truth really is, failure is how human beings learn how to do succeed. Successful businessmen aren't just all of the sudden billionaires. It takes failure after failure after failure.

Bill Gates started Traf-O-Data. Can you honestly tell me what that is? Well, no. It failed. But he had passion. He had a drive to do something great. He was persistent and he kept at it. That's what made him great.

I didn't even learn this until I read (well, halfway read quite ironically) a book on self discipline. And that book kickstarted my second reniassance as a person.

Failure isn't an option when you want to become successful. There are a lot of people that "settle" for middle class, and I don't plan on being one of those people, even if it means I'll be sleeping on the streets homeless because I went bankrupt.

If it sounds crazy to you, then you just won't understand my whole personal philosophy. I will not take mediocrity. 

The thing that sets me apart from other perfectionists is this exact view towards failure. Success is failure plus time. And true failure, in my eyes, would be giving up after hitting the first speed bump.

But enough preaching for today, I feel I've said all I want to in this blog post.

With great failure,

Tyler Carr
