# Learning

Or more specifically, how I learn. 

I've always been a great learner. I pick up concepts quickly, and I rarely had to do any at home studying if I just listened in class. I'd call it a talent of mine. 

That did become an issue when I got to college and had to manage my own sleep schedule, but I learned how to study and fix my sleep schedule within the semester. 

But even with that, I was always a great learner, and I don't think it's because I have a above average mind. I'd be inclined to believe I'm probably about average.

### But learning behaviors is much different.

Behaviors were always a hard one. I was used to sitting down and understanding concepts, but behaviors aren't something you sit down and learn.

### So let me tell you how I change my behavior.

When I was younger, I went through 2 big periods of changes. The first one was what I'd come to see was a physical renaissance. That's not the one this post is about though. No, this post is about the emotional renaissance.

At some point, I read something that would change my life. It was a small piece on how humans learned. It was very interesting to me.

It essentially said "people learn behaviors much differently than they learn concepts. In general, it's best to take 1 week mentally focusing on clearing the behavior, 1 week going back to that behavior to the fullest extent, learning why you enjoy doing it, and then finally stopping the behavior altogether."

**It was great advice. I didn't take it, though.**

It took 2 years of unsuccessfully trying to change various behaviors until I thought back on my successes in changing behavior and seeing how they'd relate to that statement.

And it was more than true. The article originally stated people naturally learn that way (i.e. strong off, strong on, off), and it couldn't be any more true. 

A great example I found was in my assertiveness. I unconciously went into a period of time where I would mentally make an effort to be more assertive. I'd take control of discussion, try to talk to peopleI didn't know, and take the first piece of metaphorical cake. 

I'd then go into a (admittedly long) period of strong off, where I'd let everyone else take the lead and see how they do it. I'd also see how I felt about that. 

Once I saw a certain person whose assertiveness I wanted to emulate do their thing, I'd finally switch the assertiveness back on. And, this time, it was a much better moderated assertiveness. I wouldn't overpower everyone, just those who needed it (or those who wouldn't feel attacked if I did.) I'd take control of situations who needed someone with my skillset. I'd start new projects I knew I could finish. 

And it worked in the end. I'm a very assertive person now.

That took nearly 2 years to finally see, and now I finally know how to learn behaviors. 

And I would go on to learn many other behaviors I coveted.

That's about all I have to write for now.

With much assertiveness and learning,

Tyler Carr
