# My Future

My future is something I think about a lot as a 19 year old college dropout. I'm not sure exactly what it looks like, but I have a vision of what I want to do in my life.

Even still, at times it can be discouraging to not know what I'm going to be doing with the next 60-80 years. I know that it'll eventually be clear, but as of now I'm in that part where nothing is clear and everything is an unknown. 

I have a plan for my life, and backup plans if necessary, but I can't shake the feeling that it'll all fall through. But I'd wager to say those negative thoughts that I hide away are the ones that keep me going.

Think about it this way: If you have someone constantly up your ass to do something, you'll either do it faster or neglect it altogether, depending on how much you respect the person, what kind of person YOU are, and a few other factors. 

Well, I have that person in the back of my mind, and I respect my subconscious a lot more than others I've met do. So that fact in itself gives me solace that, if worst comes to worst, I can rely on my own mind to pick me up and tell me to stop being such a failure. 

With all of that said, I don't want to live the life of an average man. I can't stand it. Even though all of my life I've gone for average, I've very recently came to know mediocrity is not who I strive to be. I don't want to live in the suburbs, have an average paying job and raise offspring who are equally average.

No, I want to live in a house that would make even the most materialistic of people say "wow, is that really necessary?" I want a job that not only fulfills me and my personal needs, but makes me raise those standards. I want to raise children who will be unequivocally be better than me.

I know I can't do that without years of suffering, and I'm ready to take that on. If I have to sacrifice my 20s to make my 40s and 50s easier, then so be it. If I have to live 20% of my life in a down so the other 80% is an up, then that's good. It's all about knowing that I'll eventually reach that point, and as of now, I do not. 

So let these next 10 years be suffering to the purest of forms, I know I'll rise up and meet the challenge of life. I hope that, soon, that path will become clear to me. And I live my current years with much hope that it'll become clear, as I formulate business ideas, make new connections, and fix myself to be who I truly want to be.

So that's what I envision my future being like, in an abstract sense at least. Like I've said before, if you're reading this blog I've either made it or done quite the opposite. Let's hope for the former over the latter.

With much hope,

Tyler Carr
